## Hue Lights

Hue Lights is a plugin for Indigo which allows you to control your Philips Hue lights and Friends of Hue lights through the Indigo system. It allows you to perform basic operations like turning bulbs on and off, setting brightness, and setting the default dimming ramp rate. It also keeps the status of each bulb updated in Indigo so Indigo always knows the condition of each bulb even when the bulbs are controlled by the Hue iOS or Android apps. Additionally, Hue Lights enables advanced control of the Philips Hue devices, allowing you to set custom colors (using RGB, HSB, or color temperature), and the ability to turn on or off alerts (blinking) and effects (color loop).

Hue Lights offers the following features:

- Supports multiple Hue Hubs.
- Full Indigo Integration. Use standard Turn On, Turn Off, Set Brightness, Dim By, Brighten By, and Status Request actions in Indigo Pro to control each Philips Hue lighting device. • Start or Stop Brightening and Dimming. Use an Indigo action to start brightening or dimming a Hue device, then another action to stop. This can be useful if you want to press a button on a switch or remote to start dimming, then press another button to stop dimming when the light gets to the level you want. It can be even more useful when using the Dimmer Extender plugin to trigger brightening and dimming from INSTEON start brightening/dimming commands (something that can't currently be done with Indigo without a plugin).
- Set Ramp Rates. Each Hue Lights action allows you to specify how quickly the light should change from it's current state to the settings you're specifying in the Indigo action using a "Ramp Rate" or transition time.
- Set Colors. Use Indigo actions to set each Hue device to any color. There are 4 ways to set color. RGB levels (specify red, green, and blue levels similar to graphics editing software), HSB values (specify hue, saturation, and brightness similar to graphics editing software), and Color Temperature (set the white point of a bulb based on a Hue preset or your own color temperature, similar to digital camera white balance settings*). For advanced users, you can also specify the "xyY" chromaticity values. Each action can have a custom ramp rate (transition time) associated with it.
- Use Virtual Dimmer Devices to Control Hue Device Settings. Use the Hue Device Attribute Controller device included with the Hue Lights plugin to control any aspect** of an existing Hue device, such as color saturation, hue, RGB level, or color temperature. These virtual dimmer devices can be especially useful when accessed from the Indigo Touch iOS app because they appear just like any other dimmer device within Indigo Touch. No need to create a control page or use the Hue app to adjust a device's hue or saturation.
- Turn On and Off Alerts. You can turn on a short or long alert (1 blink for short, 15 blinks for long) for each device, and turn off the alert, also using Indigo actions.
- Turn On and Off Effects. You can turn on Hue built-in special effects (currently, Hue only offers 1 effect: "color loop").
- Save and Recall Your Own Presets. So, you've got your Hue bulb over the table set to just the right color, but now you want your LightStrips and LivingColors Bloom in the room to change to the same color. Either from the Plugins menu, or from within an Indigo action, you can save the current settings of your Hue bulb to one of 10 Presets then (in a separate menu selection/action) apply those settings to any other Hue device. From the Plugins menu, you can also print out the saved settings in each Preset to the Indigo log for reference or verification.
- Extended Device Status Information. Each Hue device in Indigo also maintains all the status information provided by the Hue hub, including current hue and saturation levels, red, green, and blue levels, CIE 1931 xy chromaticity values, color temperature, color rendering mode, alert mode, effect mode, and whether the device is reachable by the hub. All this information can be viewed in the Mac OS X Indigo client (Indigo 6 beta 9 or newer), or on an Indigo control page you create with standard Indigo device state fields.
- Hue Scene Recall Support. Hue scenes stored on the Hue hub are accessible from within Indigo and can be recalled using an Indigo action.
- Motion Sensor Support. The Hue Motion Sensor is fully supported, including support for the motion, temperature and luminance sensors that are part of the Hue Motion Sensor.

Check out [the wiki](https://github.com/IndigoDomotics/Hue-Lights-Indigo-plugin/wiki) for a more complete description of how to use the plugin.